v5.31.1 Changelog (#4262)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

## Release v5.31 - [ESR](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html)

- **v5.31.1, release day TBD**

>   - Fixed an issue where the npm packaging did not allow overwriting a version. There was a problem with the mattermost-redux version that was published for v5.31.1 and downstream projects were affected by this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where mattermost-redux was not including the built code for v5.31.0 and downstream projects were affected by this.
```

>   - Fixed an issue where the About Mattermost modal didn't display the correct Database Schema version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where the **About Mattermost** modal didn't display the correct Database Schema version.
```

- **v5.31.0, released 2021-01-16**

>   - Original 5.30.0 release

Reviewer 3: This should read "Original 5.31.0 release".

Author: Thank you!
